[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're joined by Añjali, a former
Pentagon Intelligence Officer
trained in information
operations and warfare.
Richard Doty also joins us.
A retired
counterintelligence agent
who served in the
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Finally, we have Tim,
a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome, everyone.
>>AÑJALI: Thank you.
>>RICHARD DOTY: Thank you.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Is the
future of contact
in the hands of the government
agencies or with individuals?
And what is the difference
between the both?
>> DOTY: Well, first of all,
I think there is a concerted
effort by the United States
government to put out some sort
of disclosure regarding our
contact with extraterrestrials.
The problem is how
they're going to do that.
There's a number of facets
within the governments working
on this.
Some openly, and some covertly.
And I've had contact
with both sides.
There's also a
congressional committee
that's working on some
form of disclosure.
The problem there is,
what type of disclosure?
Are we, the United
States government,
going to disclose everything we
know about the ET phenomenon?
My answer is no to that.
>>EMERY: What do you think, Tim?
>>TIM: I can basically answer
that for the European side.
Europe is mostly in some
kind of denial about it.
It is decided that disclosure
has to be a global phenomenon.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: Yeah.
You cannot disclose something
that important only in one
localized center of the planet.
Basically, there
will be information
in different countries
around the world that
will have a different tone,
a different approach to it.
I would also say that
different target groups
will get different information.
This very friendly and
nice group we have here
is the best proof to it.
>>EMERY: It is.
Añjali, do you have
any comments on that?
>>AÑJALI: I do.
I think that what we're seeing
is disclosure right now.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>AÑJALI: Right
here in this room
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>AÑJALI: This is disclosure.
I believe that most of the
disclosure that we will have
will come from experiences.
And as time goes
on, as we get closer
to the end of this cycle, we
will see more and more people
having experiences.
Not only will they be able
to interact more easily
with other beings,
but they're trying
to wake up and find their
people that they seeded
the end of the cycle
with to bring up
the resonance of human
beings and try to increase
the number of
consciousnesses here
that will transcend
into the fourth density.
So with that said,
and with the knowledge
that the beings very much
believe in free will,
we also know that we're in
a new age of consciousness.
And I don't mean
new age woo-woo.
I mean that we're--
across the world, we're
talking about consciousness.
Perhaps, for the first time
in all of our recollections.
We have different beings on
each side of this spectrum who
are going to
influence the thinking
and the conscious
behavior of humanity.
And the reason that
they're doing that
is so that we can choose.
So once again, what are
we going to listen to?
Are we going to grab onto
negative thoughts and thinking
and ideas like, oh,
nobody can handle this.
We must keep it all close to us.
It's only a threat.
Or are we going to go to
the other side of that?
So it's extremely complex,
and we haven't even
dealt with the human reaction
of the general public yet.
You know, that concern.
And so this is like
an iceberg discussion.
We've got just very
little above the surface.
And all of the
important information
is really down here.
And we could almost spend
an entire show talking about
that, I think.
>> DOTY: We have the unofficial
disclosure going on, and has
been going on since 1947.
>>EMERY: Right.
>> DOTY: Unfortunately, the
American people or the world
in a whole are not going to
believe what private groups say
or a private people
or researchers say.
Or people that are coming
out like us are saying.
They want the word
from the government.
And there's a segment
of American society,
and I've met a lot of them.
They don't really care.
But when something occurs
of a magnitude that
will affect and
shock this world,
then you're going
to see everybody--
all 6 billion people
on this planet look up
and realize that
something has happened
and they wish they would have
paid attention in the past.
And what I'm talking
about is something
along the lines of the
movie "The Day the Earth
Stood Still," the stopping of
electric engines on the planet.
Something to that
effect that would
get the attention of the
American people or the world
population.
I think, then the
governments around the world
will be forced with disclosure.
>>EMERY: All right.
>>TIM: I have to say that an
extreme event is something that
must be avoided under
any circumstances
because we've done some research
upon the behavioral patterns
of humans under a
scenario of invasion.
Analyzing the
situation that people
had in South America with the
conquistadors going there.
So it shows that
from that psychology,
people fall into
a state of apathy
when they fall into
a situation where
something beyond their
own life experience
happens that invades
and made them into--
pushes them into the
role of being invaded.
I know that a lot of people
have thought about the scenario
that a fake invasion would be
a good thing to push disclosure
forward, but it shows
actually that that
could be something that
could shake society
so much that the risk of
it would be purely chaotic.
>>AÑJALI: I would like to
suggest a couple of things.
Number 1 that they
are already here.
And that's really something
that's very important for us
to understand.
We are surrounded by
life and consciousness.
There is no way to delineate
between us and them,
because it's all the same
thing and they're already here
because consciousness is here.
And we're like these antennas
that are just so connected
to them, and all we have to
do is tune in a little bit.
Tune in a little bit, and
we have an open connection.
So I'd like to suggest that
we approach this subject
from that foundation rather
than from the foundation,
I wonder when they're
going to get here.
They're here.
>>EMERY: They're here.
>>AÑJALI: They're here.
So now, what do we do?
>>TIM: Yeah.
And it's happening.
>>EMERY: So when we
speak about contact
with non-human intelligences,
who are we speaking about?
Who is that?
>>AÑJALI: I would say that
some of the beings that I know,
they're beings with a
higher consciousness,
a higher density of
consciousness light,
and they no longer have names
because they're not just one
consciousness anymore.
They have come together--
they agreed to come together--
>>EMERY: Before that
collective, huh?
>>AÑJALI: --and use their
knowledge and experience that
they've learned so far.
They have agreed
to come together.
And so they don't have a name by
which they identify themselves
when we speak.
I know them by their faces
and by the way that they act.
>> DOTY: There are so many
government entities involved
in this disclosure process.
And when I speak of we, I'm
talking about the United States
government.
Since 2017, have really pushing
this thing on and on and on.
In this disclosure process
that we need to bring up,
we're talking about so many
different things along a list,
but we forget the ETs.
>>EMERY: Right.
>> DOTY: We forget
what they want.
And these contactees
are the people
that have a relationship
to these ETs can tell us
like you are doing today.
But they're not listening.
The government doesn't listen.
So the first thing we need to do
is get this agenda on the table
so they can listen
to these contactees.
Listen to people who have
had contact with them
and get their assessment of
how this is going to happen.
Because we can go out and
make a disclosure, but what's
going to happen to the ETs
when they're not ready--
we're ready but
they're not ready.
Or what happens when they're
ready and we're not ready?
That's an interesting kind
of a circle to look at.
>>EMERY: So we have the
superpowers of the world,
like China, Europe,
United States of America.
Who's to say someone won't
raise their hand and say,
well, you know, I'm
the king of disclosure
and all that energy go
into that one person.
>> DOTY: Well, I
think realistically,
the United Nations would be the
entity within the world that
would have to make
that disclosure.
But the problem
there is, everybody's
afraid of the other
person, and everybody's
afraid of what other
people's knowledge is.
Our knowledge of the UFO
phenomena or the ET phenomena
is somewhat distinctly different
than the European analogy
of it.
So we have to sit down
and talk about this.
What do you think, Tim?
>>TIM: Well, so I
know that there's
a collective effort started
by some human groups,
and I think the
US American Naval
Forces were one of them who
initially started and put
a lot of effort
into that in order
to bring certain countries,
groups, families,
and companies and everyone
who has a need to know
or at least has some information
and knowledge about what's
going on together
and they brought up
the idea of disclosure.
So it's made sure that
there's no key player that
jumps out of line and
raises the hand in order
to bring some information
that might not fit the other.
But what we're also seeing
is that more and more
national media is
more and more blocked
from other national media.
So if Russia is, for example,
telling their people who will
tell you in the United States.
In Europe, for example, Russian
media is completely blocked.
So there's no potential--
no possible way to
receive this information.
And if you do so, it
might not make the way
to mainstream media.
So maybe a group of hackers or
something or someone with a VPN
or something could know but that
will not make mainstream media.
So there's a tendency
in human organizations
to keep the narrative
as tightly as
possible, and in these
roundtable discussions
that have been going
on for several years
now, in several countries--
Belgium, Australia,
Brazil, Africa as well,
it hasn't made
sure that everyone
is on the mostly same page.
But still, national
information goes first.
>> DOTY: Within our government,
we've had US senators within
the Senate--
the late Harry Reid tried a
disclosure program years ago.
He started the
AATIP program which
is in the news
almost every day now
and there's certain people
within that realm that
are still working on that.
But the problem we
have is, we have
military agencies,
military departments,
such as the new one,
the United Space
Force who won't cooperate.
They refuse-- the four-star
general made a statement
on NBC News that when asked
in a news conference, what
are you doing, what is the
United States Space Force doing
on the disclosure program?
He said, we're not
involved and we will not
be involved in that program.
So we know, people
within the government
knows that most of the data
pertaining to UFOs or UAPs
went from the United
States Air Force
and DIA over to the
United States Space Force.
And they're sitting on it now.
>>EMERY: How can they
not be part of that?
>> DOTY: Well, nobody's
forcing them to.
The general works
for the Secretary
of Department of Defense.
The Secretary
Department of Defense
is not acknowledging that,
he's not questioning that.
Maybe, he doesn't even
know what they have.
And that's another
problem right now.
There's so many people
within the government
that want disclosure but
don't know what disclosure is.
What are we talking about?
Are we talking about the
fact that a spaceship crashed
in Roswell, New
Mexico in 1947, we
recovered five bodies
and one live ET,
or is it the threat made to
the world that was portrayed
to President Reagan in 1981?
What is disclosure?
There's so many
facets to disclosure
that could affect so
many elements of society.
For instance, the
religious aspect.
What if we disclose something
that the ET told us,
either through a
contactee or through EBE
or through some
other means that said
that we created your religion
or something to that effect.
Or what if we find
out that they're
so far advanced that
they've manipulated Earth
for so many hundreds
of thousands of years
that we really don't have a
chance to do much on Earth?
These things are hypothetical,
I understand, but what if?
Those are the questions that
disclosure has to answer.
I've been in
disclosure committees,
I've been in my
particular group.
And these are the things
that are brought up.
And another thing,
research and development.
Are we going to disclose
to the world what
the ETs have given us?
No.
Are we going to disclose how
they communicate with us?
For instance, through you?
Are we going to do that?
Probably not.
So that's the complexity
of the disclosure program.
>>EMERY: Absolutely, right.
>>TIM: There's a lot
of facets to that.
And I think-- so one of the
very important questions that we
have to ask is, why now?
What's the reason
for disclosure?
Because if there's no
motivation or reason,
there would be no
disclosure because it
had been going on as a system
for 50, 60 years or something.
Why change it?
So there is reasons to it.
And one, thing and I'm really
glad that you brought it up,
and we have the opportunity
to speak about it today,
is the Earth coming to
an end in it's cycle.
>>AÑJALI: Yes.
>>TIM: And that is something
that happens frequently.
It happened before, and
it's going to, potentially,
happen again, but it's
happening now and--
>>AÑJALI: That's right.
>>TIM: --maybe you can
say something about it.
>>AÑJALI: Well, they just said
that this is the way that it
is.
That cyclically, the
Earth has an overturning,
and they just show me
like the crust just
overturning and going from a
normal position on its axis
like--
>>EMERY: Shift, right.
>>AÑJALI: But
really jerky, huge.
Just massive volumes of
water hitting mountains.
Like peaks and
freezing in place.
Other places of water
coming in and then
receding and leaving nothing.
There's nothing there.
It's gone.
And they say this
is going to happen.
And that it's normal, it's
a reset for the next cycle--
the next density cycle on Earth.
And we're upgrading to
fourth density here.
The reason for disclosure now
is that when these changes are
occurring, we're going
to be really tested
and they want us
to understand that.
They also want us to
know that some of us
are being looked-- they're
looking for us, our family
and they want us to come back.
There are very high
light beings who
are saying that all of
this-- this is all illusion
and we're just playing
some game and that we need
to realize that and come home.
That we don't have
to keep doing this,
we don't have to keep
making ourselves miserable,
and I don't know whether
any of that means.
But it's fascinating to me.
But I think that there's--
I have been learning just like
the past six months to a year,
there's science
that's backing up
the idea that there are
physical changes that
happen to the Earth and
that they are cyclical.
And that we have essentially had
numerous wipeouts of humanity
here.
They say it's
happened so many times
that it's why bother counting.
That there have been so
many cycles of consciousness
development here.
So they want people to wake up.
They want us to know that
they're here already.
That we can have contact,
and they can prepare us
for the inevitable, because
whenever what happens, comes
to Earth, it is going
to allow us to see them.
We will see them.
We are going to have
some kind of unveiling
like lifting a veil.
And behind that
veil, are the beings
that we're discussing here.
And so we'll see them.
And the only way that we
can communicate with them
is by conscious communication.
So if we begin that
now and we begin
to sharpen our
understanding of who we are,
what we're doing
here and what we
need to prepare for coming
up, then our transition
into fourth density, maybe
more of us will choose that,
but it will be an
easier transition.
We will understand
what's going on.
We won't have to be afraid.
They will help us to understand
that we're not dying.
It's just a reset, and we're
doing something different.
And they want us
to understand that
so that we make good choices.
They want us to make good
choices when we see them,
when it happens so that we don't
react with fear and violence.
Fear and violence, of terror.
>>TIM: I'm happy that
we have the opportunity
to talk about it because this
is known for at least 15 years
to certain groups
on this planet.
It's urgent to speak
about what's happening.
>>AÑJALI: Yes.
>>TIM: Because what is a planet?
A planet is basically
a life environment
which offers the opportunity
for consciousness and for bodies
to make experiences.
>>AÑJALI: Yes.
>>TIM: And each planet
itself, each life environment
has a certain potential
of carrying life forms
with a certain level
of consciousness.
>>AÑJALI: Yes.
>>TIM: And this, we had for
a long time on this planet.
And as you correctly
said, it's an opportunity
for shifting consciousness.
And this has already--
so that's something
that I've been told
is, it's already been done
in various parallel versions
of Earth already.
So some of us and meaning
like Earth, planets, versions,
parallel Earth.
>>AÑJALI: Yes.
>>TIM: They've already done it.
They are like little ahead.
And they even could
do it without ETs,
without the knowledge of and the
need necessarily for disclosure
because they finally
realized, there's
no need for different species.
>>AÑJALI: That's right.
>>TIM: I can guarantee
that everyone watching here
and everyone in the
room, obviously,
has to do something with ETs.
So we, basically,
already chose our way
and what we want to see.
But it's still up to
every single individual
to make the shift a happy one.
>>AÑJALI: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>TIM: Yes.
>>AÑJALI: And that's why
now, because we're actually
on a clock of sorts, tik-tok,
tik-tok and it's imminent
and they can't pinpoint exactly
when it's going to be but they
keep saying, imminent,
imminent, imminent.
What does that mean to
them, to ancient beings,
I'm not really sure.
But that would be a
really good reason
to wake up a lot
of people with it.
Stop sleeping.
Wake up.
>>TIM: Right.
Do you have details for how
this wave is going to look like,
how it's going to feel like?
>>AÑJALI: I see it.
It hums like a wave
that we can't see.
But we can.
It's an energetic wave
that is going to come at us
and it will just travel across
the surface of the Earth.
>>TIM: Right.
>>AÑJALI: Just rip everything.
>> DOTY: If you study
astronomy or look at the number
of satellites we've
launched in orbit,
you're going to find it
NOAA, the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration,
launched several satellites--
some in the late '90s,
some early 2000s.
And those satellites that are up
there, and you can Google this,
you can find these
satellites, their main purpose
is to watch Earth
and the oceans.
It's not to look out in space.
And there's a scientist,
left NOAA some years ago
that had a YouTube
channel that talks
about exactly the same thing
that she just mentioned.
The changing of the
Earth, the changing
of the Earth's atmosphere,
the anti-radiation belts,
and our oceans.
And this is all
being held from us.
This is all being
held from the people.
He claims-- now, NOAA comes
out with a statement saying,
no, that's not true.
It's just natural
changes in the Earth
is something that affects--
will eventually affect her, but
not right in the near future.
And they also talk
about studying the sun
and seeing a coronal
mass, the ejections that
are coming from the sun.
Now, if you put
those all together,
there's changes coming to Earth.
It might not be
today or tomorrow,
but it's going to be in
sometime in the future,
and what's going to happen?
Is it going to be some
sort of a turbulent time
period that's going to wipe
out some of our population?
>>EMERY: Well I believe that
a catastrophe is definitely
going to happen of some sort.
But then when I speak to Tim,
we don't want that to happen.
And I know the ETs don't
want that to happen.
Tim, would they actually step in
to prevent something like that
or--
>>TIM: I would say they
already are, right?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>TIM: So we wouldn't have this
conversation if they didn't.
And I defend myself
and everyone else
from saying a catastrophe must
happen, which is not the case.
It's still-- and I'm
emphasizing that every one of us
is creating the
way it turns out.
And this is the most
critical time of all times
and of every life's a
life on this planet.
So you have a responsibility,
first for yourself,
and then for every
other aspect of what
you hold dear in your own home.
So manifest as much as possible,
speak it into existence,
meditate, connect yourself,
prepare yourself, and make it
a happy shift.
>>EMERY: Right.
Manifest to protect
the planet, we'll say.
And I think people need to
start thinking about that.
>> DOTY: Añjali, the
time period of the cycle,
are they giving it an Earth
time period or just in a general
sense?
How are they
describing it in time?
>>AÑJALI: Are you asking me
how long a cycle is or about
the end of it?
Oh, goodness.
Thousands of years
all the way back
to Christ, and Buddha, Krishna.
Just keep going back,
it's all the same cycle.
We're recycling the information
from earlier in the same cycle.
And so yeah.
They were all-- it's
been thousands of years.
I don't know.
>> DOTY: But we don't know
when the end is coming?
We don't--
>>AÑJALI: Right.
I get the sense that it's going
to be in the next decade, OK?
>> DOTY: Oh, yeah.
>>TIM: Oh, yeah.
>>AÑJALI: They
have shown me 2027,
but I don't know
what happens then.
I don't know if that's the
beginning of it moving faster,
but they have shown me the
actual Earth and everything
just moving faster
like we're all just--
everything is happening
at a faster rate,
and it's not our imagination.
Actually is.
>>TIM: Yes.
They've put an actual date
to when it should happen--
and when I say they,
I mean, generals.
So this is not, basically,
my information--
my personal which
I could attest.
So I wouldn't quote
them, because the way
universal phenomena happen,
it's very hard, quite
impossible to calculate it.
It's more like events that needs
certain conditions to be true.
And in that case, that happens.
So--
>>EMERY: What can
we tell our audience
to deal with this upcoming
shift or the shift we're
going through right now?
>>AÑJALI: Well, first of
all, that we are all a single
consciousness.
And that we need to
really start trying
to grapple with what that
means for us as individuals
and how we're going
to approach that.
I like to tell people, well,
fake it until you make it.
Tell yourself every
day that we are one.
Look at your neighbor
and don't feel
like they're a separate thing
that you have to compete with,
but instead, it's
an extension of you.
It's an expression
of consciousness
trying to learn and
even deeper than that.
It's the expression
of the creator who has
forgotten himself, all of them.
And if we can remember that and
understand that energy never
dissipates, energy isn't
destroyed, it becomes--
it's transformational.
Light isn't destroyed,
And as everything else
that is demonstrated
around us on this planet,
life is transformational.
This was never meant to be a
permanent situation for any
of us.
This is an opportunity
for consciousness growth.
And we just have to just
seize that opportunity.
To take it all in and to
understand that when this is
done, there's something else.
This is just temporary, guys.
This isn't the beginning
and an end of anything.
This is just an expression.
>>TIM: Yes.
It must change at some point.
We all know that
maybe, at some times,
we don't want to
admit it and we might
have different feelings to it.
But then there's this
awkward but very interesting
quality to consciousness
that we are constantly
projecting outside
and perceiving inside,
which makes us one with
the perception itself
and the field itself,
which gives us
not only the responsibility,
but also the possibility
and the power to change how
we want to perceive things.
And I can only encourage
every aspect of us
to make sure, to care
for your loved ones,
manifest for them too,
manifest for yourself, do it.
Yeah.
>>AÑJALI: I would agree
with that entirely.
They have said that,
I have the tattoo.
With our thoughts,
we make the world
but they have been very,
very clear that that's
exactly what is happening here.
This is the creator having
this incredible dream,
and we're all tied
up in it and we
think that we're
these separate beings.
And so we've
manifested all of this.
We have the ability to
manifest anything that we want.
But we have to do
it collectively.
And see, that's the problem
that we're having here.
We need a collective effort at
positively changing our world.
>>TIM: Yes.
Knowing about this
end of the cycle,
this is the reason why
at minute number 1,
I brought up this Earth
shift happily now phrase
in order for everyone to have
a guideline or something to do,
which is just one sentence.
We can do it right
before you sleep just--
>>AÑJALI: That's right.
>>TIM: --but whatever fits
you, whatever suits people,
whatever--
if they connect with Jesus,
with something as meditation,
whatever idea they
have, just make sure
that every aspect
that you hold dear
has the best possible
shift there is.
And I love that the
community and people outside
have modified the sentence
to all shift happily now,
because that even more
transports that idea--
>>EMERY: That's good.
>>AÑJALI: That's wonderful.
>>EMERY: I like that.
>> DOTY: That's good.
>>EMERY: Thank you everyone
for being on the show.
It's been great.
I'm Emery Smith, and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Next, on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>TIM: The government
already has made contact
to certain other planets.
>> DOTY: Some people have talked
about the secret space program,
talks about Johnston Island
as having highly sophisticated
spacecrafts that can
travel to the stars.
>>AÑJALI: There's a mechanism
that's happening that we really
can't fully understand, and
they want us to know that.
But they want us to seek
for that understanding.
[MUSIC PLAYING]